# Program "2x2.cpp" 
implements the MCMC Metropolis algorithm for 2D Ising model that has only 4 spins. This program outputs the mean values of energy per spin $<\epsilon>$, magnetization per spin $m$, second moment of energy per spin $<\epsilon^2>$, second moment of magnetization per spin $< m^{2} >$, heat capacity $C_V$ and susceptibility $\chi$ computed by MCMC method and compares it with analytical expressions that I had derived in the report. For the reason O not understand, 4 of 6 values do not match.

# Compiling+running: 

g++ -std=c++11 -c 2x2.cpp

g++ -larmaillo 2x2.o -o 2x2.exe

./2x2.exe

# Program "2x2T.cpp" 
implements the MCMC Metropolis algorithm for 2D Ising model with 4 spins. This program outputs the mean values of energy per spin $<\epsilon>$, magnetization per spin $m$, second moment of energy per spin $<\epsilon^2>$, second moment of magnetization per spin $< m^{2} >$, heat capacity $C_V$ and susceptibility $\chi$ computed by MCMC method for different temperaturs to the table "2x2table.csv".

# Compiling+running: 

g++ -std=c++11 -c 2x2T.cpp

g++ -larmaillo 2x2T.o -o 2x2T.exe

./2x2T.exe

# Program "2x2T.py" 
is the pythin plotting script. It takes the data from table "2x2table.csv" generated by program "2x2T.cpp" as input and plots
$<\epsilon>(T), < m >(T), <\epsilon^2>(T), < m^2 >(T), C_V(T)$ and $\chi(T)$ for compued and analytical values. 
  
To run this program matplotlib python liabrary need to be installed. 
  
# Program "20x20.cpp"
implements the MCMC Metropolis algorithm for 2D Ising model that has 400 spins. This program outputs mean energy per spin $<\epsilon>$, mean magnetization per spin $<m>$ and number of MCMC cycle $l$ to the table "20x20_table_+1.csv". 
  
# Compiling+running: 
  
g++ -std=c++11 -c 20x20.cpp
  
g++ -larmaillo 20x20.o -o 20x20.exe
  
./20x20.exe
  
# Program "20x20N.py"
is the python plotting script. It takes the data from table "20x20_table_+1.csv" generated by program "20x20.cpp" as input and plots $<\epsilon>(l)$ and $<m>(l)$.
  
# Program "20x20hist.cpp"
implements the MCMC Metropolis algorithm for 2D Ising model that has 400 spins. This program outputs energy per spin $\epsilon$ and number of MCMC cycle $l$

  
  
